[Autogenerated] Let's try creating an attaching service
control policies in our AWS organization.
Note that will need to log in to the master account to set S C.
P s for the organization First will restrict the instance type
that could be launched with an explicit deny.
Then we'll show how S E.
P.
S are inherited from parent organizational units.
Finally, we'll look at an example where an I am policy allows an action,
but the SCP doesn't list theatrics in as allowed.
So it is implicitly denied.
I'm signed in to the master account of my AWS
organization to create a service control policy,
select policies, then service control policies.
Note that the current status is disabled.
I need to first enable service control policies in order to attach
these to the accounts in my AWS organization.
When service control policies are enabled,
a full AWS access policy that allows access to every
operation is automatically created.
If I select that policy I can view the accounts or organizational
units to which that policy is attached by default,
it attaches to all accounts and all organizational units
to create a new service control policy, select,
create policy, provide a policy name and description.
Then edit the policy.
Once your service control policy has been created,
you can select it to view the details.
You can also view what accounts organizational units
or roots have this policy attached.
We just created it so it's not attached anywhere yet.
To attach a policy to an account, go to accounts,
select the account, then under policies,
select service control policies.
You'll see a list of available policies.
Notice that the full AWS access is attached.
I could detach that if I wanted to, and the policy that we just created Limit E.
C.
To Micro is available to attach.
I'll go ahead and attach that to this account.
Now this account has two different service control policies.
Full AWS access and limit Easy to micro.
Let's try to launch an instance that is not a T to micro
To see how the explicit deny overrides the allow in a
different service control policy,
I'm logged in as the root user in the Global app Deva account,
which is the account that we just attached our limit e.
C.
Two service control policy.
Let's go to Easy to and try to launch an instance instead of tea to micro.
I'm going to try to launch a T too small because the service control policy
that we created explicitly denied any e C two's to be launched that did not
match T to micro trying to launch a T two small failed,
Even though the other service control policy allows all actions.
Remember,
an explicit Deny in one service control policy will always override an
explicit allow in a different service control policy.
Let's go back and change the instance.
Type two t two Micro now we can See, We were able to launch Thean stints.
It was within the boundaries that the service control
policy had set for this account.
So it was allowed.
Now let's create a service control policy and
attach it to an organizational unit.
This policy is going to deny the terminate
instantiate action for all two instances.
We want to attach this to an organizational unit so
we'll go to organize accounts, then select the global app.
One organizational unit under service control policies,
we can see the same options to detach or attach service
control policies to this organizational unit.
I'm going to attach to deny instantiate Armin eight policy that we just created.
If I select the account that's in this organizational unit,
our global app DevOps count under service control policies notice that
you can see policies inherited from other sources.
Here.
We can see the deny instantiate Kirm innate policy that's
inherited from the global app One organizational unit.
Let's see what happens in that account.
Now when we try to terminate an instance,
I'll confirm that I want to terminate these instantiate and I'll get an error
because it is explicitly denied by the service control policy.
If we go back to our organizational unit and detach the deny instantiate Armin
eight now a remember account no longer inherits that policy.
We can.
Now terminate these instance.
If we look at the member account called Security and the S apps attached to
that notice how full AWS access is attached to that account,
there are no restrictions from the organization about what
services can be used in the security account.
If we take a look at an individual,
I am user in that account under permissions we can see that this
user has very limited permissions granted to them.
When this user logs in,
they can't do things like list E C two instances because they
don't have that permission granted in there.
I am policies.
However,
if we were to go to the global app Deva account and detach the full AWS
access service control policy when we go back to that account as the
root user which has all I am permissions,
then try to do something as simple as list e.
C two's notice how this is now denied even though the AM permissions granted if
a service control policy does not also explicitly granted,
then it is implicitly denied.
If we go back and attach the full AWS access policy when we refresh now,
our route user can perform the action because it is both permitted by I
am policies and allowed by the service Control Policy.
We've covered the shared responsibility model and how AWS is
responsible for security of the cloud.
While you are responsible for security in the cloud,
you now know about a W s artifact as a resource to
help with your compliance needs.
And you've also seen how to set a password policy as well as service control
policies as guard rails to better manage user activity,
control costs and reduce the attack surface for threats to your AWS
accounts in the next module will cover several different strategies
you can use to monitor and manage costs,
including some common mistakes people make as they scale up their AWS accounts and how you can avoid those mistakes.